chore(bigcommerce): add documentation related to cache webhooks (FC-1032) (#429)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/bigcommerce/webhooks.md

---
id: bigcommerce-webhooks
title: Webhooks
description: Create webhooks to receive events from BigCommerce for cache invalidation and other purposes.
---

## Setting up Front-Commerce

You need to setup the webhook secret within your Front-Commerce app with the `FRONT_COMMERCE_BIG_COMMERCE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` environment variable.

> **ProTip:** create a random secret by running `openssl rand -hex 25` in your terminal.

> Thats all, you should now be ready to recieve webhooks on your application using your webhook secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thats all, you should now be ready to receive webhooks on your application using your webhook secret.
```

---
id: bigcommerce-webhooks
title: Webhooks
description: Create webhooks to recieve events from BigCommerce for cache invalidation and other purposes.
---

## Setting up Front-Commerce

> First you will need to create a webhook secret within your Front-Commerce app, to do this, you can add the `FRONT_COMMERCE_BIG_COMMERCE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` environment variable to your `.env` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to setup the webhook secret within your Front-Commerce app with the `FRONT_COMMERCE_BIG_COMMERCE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` environment variable.
```

Team "shorter is better" :sweat_smile:

> **ProTip:** create a random secret by running `openssl rand -hex 25` in your terminal.

> Thats all, you should now be ready to recieve webhooks on your application using your webhook secret.

Author: lmao... there were other points when I wrote that line 🙃 hehehe

## Setting up BigCommerce

We will now create webhooks for the following scopes:

- `catalog/*`
- `products/*`
- `sku/*`

> To do this we first need to setup Authentication for your BigCommerce account, you can refer to the [documentation](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/ZG9jOjIyMDYxMw-v2-and-v3-rest-api-authentication).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We first need to setup Authentication for your BigCommerce account (you can refer to the [documentation](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/ZG9jOjIyMDYxMw-v2-and-v3-rest-api-authentication)).
```
nitpick : just seems more readable like this :innocent:

We will need to create the webhook api to get an Access Token and the Store Hash

1. Navigate to your BigCommerce account and click on the `Settings` tab, scroll down and open `API > API accounts`.
1. Click on the `+ Create API Account` button.

> 1. Copy the `API path` as it contains the `Store Hash`. (see figure below)

Reviewer 2: Why not putting the store hash image just under this point ?

1. Create a new webhook with `read-only` access on the following scopes
   - `Content`
   - `Products`
   - `Customers`
   - `Information & settings`
   - `Marketing`
   - `Orders`
   - `Get payment methods`
   - `Carts`
   - `Checkouts`
   - `Sites & routes`
1. Save the API account, and copy the `Access Token`. (see figure below)

#### Store Hash

<div style="text-align:left;">
  <img src="./assets/new-webhook-storehash.png" alt="Store Hash in BigCommerce API path" style="border-radius:5px;">
</div>

#### Access Token

<div style="text-align:left;">
  <img src="./assets/new-webhook-accesstoken.png" alt="SBigCommerce API account access token" style="border-radius:5px;">
</div>

> You are now ready to get started with your webhooks, we have created a [BigCommerce Webhook API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/16678499/UzQys4QZ) in postman to simplify this process, you can hit the `Run in Postman` button and simply replace all the relevant varialbles to get started [creating your webhooks](#Creating-a-webhook).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are now ready to get started with your webhooks, we have created a [BigCommerce Webhook API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/16678499/UzQys4QZ) in postman to simplify this process, you can hit the `Run in Postman` button and simply replace all the relevant variables to get started [creating your webhooks](#Creating-a-webhook).
```

### Creating a webhook

You can refer to the Create folder in the [BigCommerce Webhook API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/16678499/UzQys4QZ), to create the correct webhooks.

> **Important:** All those webhooks are required for cache invalidation.

### Updating a webhook

> To update a webhook, you first need to run the `GET ALL WEBHOOKS` api, it will return an array of webhooks, you can then replace the `WEBHOOK_ID` variable with the id of the webhook that you want to remove.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update a webhook, you first need to run the `GET ALL WEBHOOKS` api to get an array of webhooks. You can then replace the `WEBHOOK_ID` variable with the id of the webhook that you want to remove.
```
